Symfony upgrade to 5.4 and add peer-host TLS verification configuration (#7)
l-vo/sf_keycloak_example: README.md

KEYCLOAK_PK="-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----
MIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIBCgKCAQEAhHUOz9Fwkx9TFR07flcEmn2aVCxKM9dLhTBvHwOYLzCSETWk3/lf/xwg/f2sicrsY2W/EZLrpDyKZSCuSzwbPp7DLSN9Ww8DnLJNLxFWL+LXgSY+IqoUZSKq/lPS/2N4bW61kz7clVgOMI1iWt2I+FAs6oRLfDRbOjIVWgMyT1W/pSrX5Y6nR8Q1VE+MfCE0QAlsYLpb9vxuh4jiOkpY+P+RqSj1ciTxuqic/k0HOvAaI1vJmIdJe3iQlVK/lxzHlaB+nY20WdVV2LVlFthvCVO6pH+I+pbHk1NkgYmXoKsm+on7epazT7Bg1K8eVpumcBG2sPX9R04RL5hz4WmWwwIDAQAB
-----END PUBLIC KEY-----"
KEYCLOAK_VERIFY_PEER=false
KEYCLOAK_VERIFY_HOST=false
```
Replace `KEYCLOAK_CLIENTSECRET` and `KEYCLOAK_PK` content by your own values you have previously copied.

> Update `KEYCLOAK_VERIFY_PEER` and `KEYCLOAK_VERIFY_HOST` by true if you want to verify the TLS from them peer and Keyclock server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `KEYCLOAK_VERIFY_PEER` and `KEYCLOAK_VERIFY_HOST` by true if you want to verify the peer/host when calling the Keyclock server.
```

## Start the Symfony application

> For the sake of simplicity, we use the [Symfony local web server](https://symfony.com/doc/5.3/setup/symfony_server.html). At least PHP 8.0 is needed to run the application. Start the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the sake of simplicity, we use the [Symfony local web server](https://symfony.com/doc/5.4/setup/symfony_server.html). At least PHP 8.1 is needed to run the application. Start the server:
```
According to the new versions of the dependencies, PHP 8.1 is required. Can you also change it in composer.json please ?
